Timing and subtitles by
"🍰 The Pastry Detectives 🔍" Team @Viki.com
You will work for my organization as "Gido-san."
I wanted Natsumi-san's status
within the organization.
You made me ten billion yen.
Ichika's the one who murdered my wife.
Promise me you'll arrest her
and will have her fess up her crimes.
You'd do a fine job replacing Gido.
I'm not a replacement.
I am Ayumi Gido.
[Ayumi Gido, Reboot, Day 35]
A police vehicle is coming through.
Please make way.
Floor it, you're driving like a snail.
That'd be dangerous, Sir.
And you're eating cream puffs again.
Coming through.
Morning.
- Why are you here?
- Natsumi Hayase-san's investigation is on pause.
- Mr. Gido.
- What's our status?
The victim is Shusuke Igari, age 43.
Forensics say he died at around 1 a.m.
He was stabbed in the chest.
Igari made a living selling drugs
to kids on the street.
A bonafide scumbag, right?
- Here.
- Right.
[Shelter]
It's packed with carrots.
- Here you go.
- We still have plenty more.
Smells great in here.
Curry is always a crowdpleaser.
This happened on the streets of Kabukicho
at around 1 a.m. last night.
Know the kid who killed this guy?
Masaki Togashi, age 25.
He's one of yours, right?
You're better off telling me the truth.
I'm the only officer who's caught on.
If the investigation goes on,
they'll find your ties to Fuyuhashi.
Officers would come here in swarms.
Your kids would lose their home.
Have the kid turn himself in.
We'll say it was an act of revenge
and keep your group out of it.
How's that sound?
I'll ask Fuyuhashi for his thoughts.
You'd better hurry.
Thanks for the curry.
I don't get you.
You're Natsumi-san's husband, aren't you?
It seems like everyone knows nowadays.
Why are you acting like
the man who killed your wife?
I just don't understand.
I am backed by our current prime minister.
[29 days ago]
Find evidence of Goroku
illegally funding his whale,
and we can crush the organization,
Ichika Kogo and all.
Only then can I guarantee
you and your family's safety.
How will we find the evidence?
Elections are on the horizon.
Goroku will donate in favor of his whale.
We'll aim for the moment
that transaction is made.
But you must first build rapport
within the organization.
Are you able to keep up the "bad cop" act?
I'd do anything to return to my family.
Let me put it this way.
Why won't you quit those shady jobs?
Fact is, we're both in too deep now.
It's a shame we lost Natsumi-san.
She helped us establish this NPO.
Without her, Shelter wouldn't exist.
She was happy these kids
had a place they could call home.
We don't trust most adults.
But we are extremely grateful to Natsumi-san.
She was a good person, through and through.
Machi.
Why do you help the organization?
I want to help all kids who are in need.
You're free to laugh.
I know it sounds ridiculous.
I would never laugh.
Thanks for dinner.
That drug dealer was affiliated
with one of our clients.
You know we received
a cut of their profit, right?
Yes, Sir.
We can't go killing our customers.
I'm holding you accountable, Fuyuhashi.
Apparently, the brat's girlfriend
was coerced into taking drugs
so he took it out on the dealer.
Fuyuhashi couldn't have stopped him.
I understand how he felt.
Dealers who prey on children
aren't worth keeping alive.
Do you think you're still a child?
No more acting naive.
Stand.
Are you all right?
Aim higher, Fuyuhashi.
You know I expect great things from you.
I'm terribly sorry, Sir.
I'll give our clients an explanation.
Have the kid turn himself in,
and let Gido-san handle the rest.
Yes, Sir.
Thanks for putting out this flame.
I'm truly glad you've adapted to your role.
No use looking to the past, right?
You can handle hot beverages now?
I have them brew it lukewarm.
Long time no see, Hayase-san.
Long time no see, Ichika-chan.
What? Want to act as "lovers"
and steal from the organization again?
Lee-san is here. Shall I call him in?
Please.
Thank you for your patience.
Come on in.
Bring your business to me, not to Machi.
Machi's easier to talk to, alright?
Especially since you almost shot me dead.
Machi's not deeply involved in the org.
Try to keep her out of it.
So you have yet to find the ten billion yen?
Yes. We will inform you
when the money is found.
Please send our regards to Mr. Ma.
It seems you're keeping up the act.
The last time we drank alone
was after Gido's death.
Itching to kill me?
Rest easy. I've got no plans
on disobeying anymore.
Who was that?
Mr. Lee, our ambassador from Hong Kong.
Goroku pays them back 500 million a month.
So he pays in increments.
Including interest, he owes them 12 billion
over the next two years.
That's rough, even for Goroku.
The organization
is certainly tight on money now.
Corner him,
and maybe the Hong Kong gang
will deal with Goroku for us.
How very in character for you, Gido.
Inspector General Makita?
Good evening, gentlemen.
Why is he dining with Goroku?
Welcome.
Evening, Yaichi-san. Please, have a seat.
We thought you wouldn't show.
What's going on here?
Baking another cake?
Yes. I can't ever forget my roots.
Why not?
People are creatures of change.
I saw you at Goroku's place
earlier this evening.
The man who came after you
was Yaichi Makita.
He's the leader of the opposing political party
and your elder brother.
What's all that about?
The whale I'm after is none other
than Yaichi Makita himself.
Goroku hopes to use his illicit wealth
to make my brother the next prime minister.
[Yaichi Makita]
Which is why our current
administration backs you.
Then you plan to arrest your own brother?
I wish there was another way.
But if I overlook his crimes,
Goroku's money will control this country.
Ultimately, justice must prevail.
How admirable.
But Goroku's currently short on money.
He's got no business donating to others.
I made this one less sweet.
Much obliged.
Give it a taste.
So regarding this missing ten billion yen.
According to the intelligence agency,
no riches of that amount
have been liquidated yet.
Then those assets
remain in the country.
We will find this wealth
and return it to Goroku.
Return it?
Goroku will immediately funnel
any money he reclaims to Yaichi.
And if we prove Ichika stole the riches,
Goroku won't let her off easy.
She'd be done for.
Figure out where this Ichika Kogo
hid the money.
[Metropolitan Police Department]
Leave Rikka to us.
You're always a part of our family, all right?
Thank you.
I'm sorry, Rikka.
I'll be off.
No, don't go!
It's a tough sight.
If only we could do more
than follow Goroku-san's orders.
[Clearance Law Office]
That girl's name was Rikka, yes?
How's she faring?
Is that all you came to ask?
I need to ask you for a favor.
Will you help me get revenge for Natsumi?
Revenge? Gido's already dead.
Ichika's the one who killed Natsumi.
She also stole the missing ten billion.
I want to figure out
where she's keeping the riches.
Ichika monitors me through my phone.
She's got my location at all times.
I've to be careful around her.
Machi.
Won't you help me out?
I only need you to keep an eye on her.
Why me?
You're the only one
in this damn organization I can trust.
I don't trust you.
I know.
But you trusted Natsumi, right?
Machi-chan!
Natsumi-san!
Here, share these with the kids.
Guys, who wants cake?
- Cake?
- Me!
- I want strawberry shortcake.
- Me too!
Lend me a hand, for her sake.
Machi, please.
I'll keep an eye on her, nothing more.
Then will you help?
I owe Natsumi-san.
Thank you.
I'm using the room.
Sure.
First, I'll install a GPS onto her phone.
[GPinS, Sharing GPS terminal, Input Code]
There she is!
I'll also have some people
keep watch over her.
Yes.
Everyone's used to this sort of stuff
from their part-time jobs.
Give us 10 days, and we'll find something.
That boy's parents never came to visit him
after he turned himself in.
Apparently, the parents have been reported
for abuse multiple times.
Sounds like the investigation's going well.
Gido.
You found that boy quickly.
The other divisions
are really starting to suspect you.
I'm just following my gut, sir.
You should be glad I'm so capable.
Treat me to a drink sometime, will you?
Hey.
- Good afternoon, Sir.
- Afternoon.
I bought us some more Hayase Puddings.
Again?
That patisserie's not selling enough.
I'm just doing what I can do help.
- Thank you again, Sir.
- Here you go.
I quite enjoy their pudding.
- Right?
- Thank you.
It's a flavor that doesn't get old.
Too bad the owner's a murderer on the run.
It's only a matter of time
before they go under.
His family did no wrong.
- Thanks for the treat.
- Thank you.
Sure thing.
Sir, I have news regarding
the plastic surgeons I looked into.
An update on Riku Hayase, right? Let's hear it.
I narrowed down my list of clinics
to those rumored to take on illicit jobs.
A client from one of these clinics
claims to have seen
a man resembling Riku Hayase.
The clinic in question is a place called
Hitomi Plastic Surgery Clinic.
[Hitomi Plastic Surgery Clinic]
I plan to go visit again later.
I'll join you.
What?
It's a new lead.
We'll give the place a thorough sweep.
I apologize for the wait.
One of my operations ran late.
I am Kuwahara, the director.
Teramoto, from the First Investigation Team.
Adachi.
Gido.
The First Investigation Team...
Then you all deal with serial offenses?
Yes, you could say that.
Did something happen to one of my clients?
- Oh, may I eat?
- Of course. We're the ones bothering.
This'll only take a moment.
Much appreciated.
Do you happen to recognize this individual?
Can't say I do.
He wasn't one of your patients?
No.
And I never forget my patients.
So what's all the commotion?
Is this man a culprit?
- I'm terribly sorry, but we cannot say any further.
- I see.
Thank you for your time.
Let's go.
Excuse us.
Say, could I see your ear?
- My ear?
- I was admiring its beauty.
I'll catch up.
What an ideal shape.
Thank you.
Come in for a follow-up when you can.
What's your read on her?
She seemed a bit too calm.
That might just be what she's like, though.
May I look into this a bit further?
I promise it won't affect my other jobs.
You're really stuck on this place.
It's called a detective's hunch.
Right, Mr. Gido?
Fine, do what you want.
Much appreciated, Sir.
It's only a matter of time
until my reboot is uncovered.
Here you go.
Thank you.
What a nostalgic flavor.
Nostalgic?
Natsumi-san used to bring your cakes to Shelter.
I see.
Street kids like us
didn't grow up eating cake.
So this taste is cemented in our hearts.
Guess I'll bring some the next time I visit.
I need people to help me eat my stash.
Would Fuyuhashi get mad at me if I did?
He wouldn't.
He wants the kiddos to eat good food.
Is that so?
Then I'll bring you all plenty.
You look better like that.
What?
With a smile on your face.
It makes you look kinder.
Have some Cheesecake and Mont Blanc, too.
I only came to make my report.
No, I insist. These came out delicious.
You should definitely give them a try.
Then I'll just take a Cheesecake.
Don't hold back. Take the Mont Blanc!
Here's Ichika's general routine.
First, she stops by the hospital
to eat breakfast with her sister.
From there, she heads off to work.
She never met up with anyone
aside from her work clients.
These are her exact routes
according to the GPS.
Aside from her home,
the hospital, and her office,
she visited three places.
The first place was a plastic surgeon.
[Hitomi Plastic Surgery Clinic]
She must've given the doctor hush money.
The second place is here.
An abandoned building in Tama City.
[Wholesale Market]
Bingo.
That's where she's keeping the money.
I'll go check it out.
No, don't. It's too dangerous.
I'll handle the rest from here.
Call me when Ichika's headed there.
I'll catch her red-handed.
Okay.
There's one more place she was visiting.
So you didn't know.
She helps out there from time to time.
I'll be heading out shortly.
Once this cools, you can decorate them.
Thank you, Ichika-san.
Of course.
Don't be late to school, Takumi-kun.
I won't.
I'm almost done.
His concentration is admirable.
He really is a Hayase.
We all love our pastries here.
He's just like my son.
[Hayase Patisserie]
What're you playing at?
I'm only helping out.
I wouldn't mind replicating other desserts
if you gave me your recipes.
Enough with the blackmail.
I said I had no plans
on disobeying, didn't I?
[Inspector General Makita]
- Hello?
- The Second Investigation Team is on the move.
They're headed to the Clearance Law Office.
They got word
of Fuyuhashi's group using the place.
Do what you will with this intel.
Hello?
Where are you right now?
At the office. Why?
Run. The police are coming.
Guys. Leave, now.
The police are coming.
- The police?
- Hurry!
- Take the elevator!
- What?
- Police!
- Run!
Police. Stop right there!
Stop!
Stop right there!
No, stop!
- Call an ambulance!
- Yes, Ma'am!
Hurry!
Rikka?
Rikka!
Don't worry. I've deleted our call history.
How is Rikka?
She passed on the way to the hospital.
When I first met her...
She said she couldn't do what others could.
She said she had nowhere to go.
That's why I introduced her to this job.
Her death isn't your fault.
I know.
I wouldn't survive if I kept blaming myself.
I just...
I can't believe how little I can do.
If I had the status...
If I had the money...
I could have saved her.
♪ Remember the good things,
remember the good ♪
Your hero has arrived, Machi-chan!
You sure it's fine, meeting Machi and all?
The officers already know
I have ties to Fuyuhashi.
You're walking a fine line there.
Eventually, you'll take a tumble.
And I'm surprised to see you kicking.
I'm down a finger though, no thanks to you.
They were about to snuff me out.
I got away with my life
because they found Gido.
Except, what do I find
when I leave the hospital?
A brand new Gido-san to take the old one's place!
My condolences to you, good sir.
But that doesn't mean I forgive you
for setting me up.
I'll eagerly watch as you self-implode.
Machi-chan! I've come for you!
Get on in.
I had them release Machi-chan for now.
Though she's still a suspect,
I've set it up so the ringleader was...
What was her name again?
The green, dead girl.
Rikka.
Right. Rikka will be
our sacrificial ringleader.
That office solely existed
to keep tabs on part-timers.
There was no evidence
hinting at our monetary schemes there.
Machi-chan also transferred
all confidential data elsewhere.
The police didn't find any ties
to the organization as well.
And though I'll get ratted out
since the office is in my name,
it won't be anything fatal.
Thank you.
It's truly an honor
to have you back, Kaieda-san.
I'll prove myself useful to you, Goroku-san.
I'll return the money I stole as well.
It was a close call,
but I'm glad we got off scot-free.
Scot-free?
Rikka died.
Machi.
You must be the one
who wrangles the youngsters
under Fuyuhashi.
Our organization could use
young talent like you.
Please, have a seat.
I'd like to have you handle work
for our organization.
Any objections to that, folks?
Not at all.
Goroku-san.
Machi represents our NPO.
Her involvement could affect Shelter.
That hideout for homeless kids?
It's still up and running?
We'll have someone else handle the NPO.
Machi-san will join our ranks.
Understood?
Now then.
Here's to our newest member.
Cheers.
I thought I'd have a heart attack.
They called me a "member." Hilarious!
Maybe now we can actually expand Shelter.
Machi, you sure you're okay?
Don't push yourself.
Says you.
You do all the dirty work for our sakes.
You're the one pushing yourself.
I'm more worried about you.
Aren't you reaching your limits?
Let's become powerful enough
to make do on our own.
Don't ever say that again.
Want to join me in bringing Goroku down?
If you inherit his role,
you'll finally be free.
Ichika's the one who murdered Natsumi.
She's also the one who stole the ten billion.
- How can you be so sure?
- Ichika told me herself.
She wants to use me to usurp Goroku.
But I know where she's keeping the money.
Make that known,
and the Hong Kong gang
will hold Goroku responsible.
Once they've killed him,
the organization's yours.
What's in it for you?
I get to put an end to Ichika.
But when you take over,
I want you to let me and my family go.
Promise me that, and I'll make sure
the police won't get you.
I know a guy who can make that happen.
I can't trust a word you say.
If Ichika-san's the mastermind,
then she's likely marking you.
She bugged my phone.
Then how on earth did you find the money?
Machi helped.
Said she'd help for Natsumi's sake.
The number you have called is...
Where's the ten billion?
What?
She's going to steal it for our family.
Where's the money?
♫ It's wise not to expect anything ♫
Hey, could I help?
Sure, that'd seriously help us out!
Could you pass out the chopsticks and plates?
- Sure!
- Thanks.
♫ Whatever you do ♫
There.
[Shelter]
Yes, looks good.
From here on out, we're all a family.
No kid will go homeless on our watch.
- Our family will only continue to grow.
- Yes.
♫ It just becomes empty little by little ♫
♫ My heart just becomes empty ♫
♫ "Are you laughing more than usual?" ♫
Machi...
♫ Did such a day even exist? ♫
Fuyuhashi, wait!
♫ The treasure that shines in my heart ♫
Fuyuhashi!
Machi!
Machi, are you all right? Machi!
I'm sorry.
I couldn't make our dream come true.
Fuyuhashi.
Thanks for becoming my family.
Machi.
Machi!
Wake up! Machi!
Machi...
Machi?
Machi!
Machi...
Someone's here.
Go.
Come on.
Hold it.
Cut it.
Go in.
So?
You need to report these things, Gido.
How did you find us?
It was me.
Goroku-san told me to report
if Fuyuhashi-san ever acted suspicious...
Ichika's the one who stole the money.
She had my family held as hostages.
That's why I didn't...
Kiriya. Their call history.
Right.
Ichika-san's the last person they called.
[I]
I have plenty to say to you two,
but first things first.
Go catch Ichika.
Can I kill her?
Now that's a good look.
Fuyuhashi.
I'm sorry.
Machi doesn't blame you.
She made this choice herself.
She chose to come here, for her family.
I'm so sorry, Machi-chan.
Timing and subtitles by
"🍰 The Pastry Detectives 🔍" Team @Viki.com
[Reboot]
I've had enough.
[Next, Episode 8: Truth]
Fuyuhashi's getting in the way.
Tell me. Who murdered Natsumi?
Enough!
No matter what happens, live.
Dad's coming home, right?
[The truth behind Natsumi's death is finally revealed]
We can finally avenge your wife.
[In her final moments, Ichika visited "that place"]
Stop, please!
[A cruel reality unfolds...]
I'll die as the culprit
who stole the ten billion yen.
♫ Softly, softly, it shone gently again today ♫
[Shelter]